{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Why Your Life Is Better Without Facebook\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \
or\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Why Life Is Better Without Facebook\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 or\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Life Without Facebook
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Serious or comedic or one of each?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 What is target audience in terms of tone and content? \'93We use Facebook\'85 etc\'94 is more inclusive. What is important to people? Family, friends health, time,\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Why do people use Facebook. What alternatives are there?\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Cite sources\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	0.	}It wastes time - the average user has spent x days of their life on Facebook. It\'92s addictive and releases dopamine. It feels like we are working for Facebook, improving our profiles and carefully editing photos and status updates to get the most likes.\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}Your information is sold to advertisers. Facebook makes more money from you, than you make from it. Facebook monitors everything you type, even if you don\'92t send it. Face book traces your every step on the internet, even when you\'92re not logged in or on their website.\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}It\'92s bad for your health - impacts immune system, inhibits the release of growth hormones, impairs digestion and vision, limit thinking, kill creativity, affect sleep patterns and happiness. It makes you fat and unhealthy. People who use Facebook are more likely to snack and eat unhealthy food. It affects your sleep, you stay up later, blue light from your screen and stops you from interacting with others.\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}You know and like <10% of your \'93friends\'94\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}Nobody cares what you\'92re doing, who you\'92re with, what you\'92re eating, what you bought\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}It ruins meeting up with friends and you already know their stories and what they\'92ve been doing\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}People fear missing out on things on the internet at the expense of missing out on things in real life\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}Not that long ago people kept their thoughts in a diary. Your thoughts are circumstantial and are for you to reflect back over time.\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}It creates jealousy and resentment and gives false impressions of other people\'92s lives and unrealistic expectations of what\'92s \'93normal\'94\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}There are better alternatives elsewhere: for news, sharing photos, connecting to others, funny videos\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}It drains the battery life on your phone\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}It makes you less productive. People use Facebook to procrastinate when we have something else we should be doing homework/assignment/housework/food shop/\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}Think what you could be doing with that time instead: Duolingo, learning a musical instrument, meeting friends, checking things off, call your mom, check things off your to do list, discover new films/tv/music, go for a walk/run/cycle, try anew sport, learn a new recipe,\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}Prospective employers will look at your profile \
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}Look at how Facebook has changed over the years: First it was a tool to connect with friends, now its a billboard with flashing lights, keeping you hooked. With this trend, what will it be like in the future? and it\'92s not cool anymore now your mom and gran are on it.\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}It\'92s devalued contact: people will appreciate a card or phone call on their birthday more than a Facebook message!\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}It\'92s an echo chamber of opinions - It\'92s good to expose yourself to a variety of opinions and thoughts.\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}It can affect how you communicate in real life. Communication is a skill and requires practice. \
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}Boredom is good for the brain. When was the last time you were bored and instead of reaching for your phone, just let your mind wander?\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}You start living your life through Facebook. When we are at a gig, we feel the need to tell everyone and take photos and videos for Facebook, rather than enjoying the moment. We don\'92t need to capture every single moment. It\'92s okay to forget some details. And it makes it more fun when you reminisce with friends.\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}You could post something now, that comes back to haunt you. Personally or professionally.\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}We are different people at work rather than at home. A night out with friends can now been seen by coworkers or your boss.\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}Facebook cookies reveal what you\'92ve been searching for online, so that Christmas present you ordered now comes up as an advert when you\'92re using the computer.\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	0.	}It\'92s cool not to be on Facebook and friends and family may confide in you as you could be seen as more trustworthy.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 @font-face \{ font-family: Facebook Letter Faces; src: url(\'91http://www.mediafont.com/storage/contents/11/font.eot\'92); /* IE */ src: local(\'91Facebook Letter Faces\'92), url(\'91http://www.mediafont.com/storage/contents/11/FACEBOLF.OTF\'92); /* non-IE */ \}}